Initializing the Game ......


Command Entered: editmap swiss.map
Log: swiss.map already exists and is loaded for editing

Command Entered: editcontinent -add A -add B 1 -add C 10 -add D 10
Log: Continent A couldn't be added/removed. Changes are not made
Log: Continent B added successfully!
Log: Continent C added successfully!
Log: Continent D added successfully!

Command Entered: editcountry -add E A -add F B -add G C -add H C -add I A -add J D -add I D -add L D
Log: Cannot add Country to a Continent that doesn't exist!
Log: Country F added successfully!
Log: Country G added successfully!
Log: Country H added successfully!
Log: Cannot add Country to a Continent that doesn't exist!
Log: Country J added successfully!
Log: Country I added successfully!
Log: Country L added successfully!

Command Entered: editneighbor -add F G -add G H -add H I -add I J -add J I -add L I -add L J -remove H G
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: Neighbour Pair added successfully!
Log: No Such Neighbour Exists

Command Entered: editcountry -remove L -remove R
Log: Country L removed successfully!
Log: Country:  R does not exist!

Command Entered: editcontinent -remove D
Log: Continent D removed successfully!

Command Entered: validatemap
Log: H does not possess any neighbour, hence isn't reachable!

Command Entered: savemap
Log: Invalid command. Kindly provide command in Format of : savemap filename

Command Entered: savemap swiss.mp

Command Entered: savemap swiss.map
Log: H does not possess any neighbour, hence isn't reachable!
Log: Couldn't save the changes in map file!

Command Entered: loadmap canada.map
Log: canada.map has been loaded to start the game

Command Entered: assigncountries
Log: Kindly add players before assigning countries

Command Entered: gameplayer -add Er -add Gr -add Wr
Log: Player with name : Er has been added successfully.
Log: Player with name : Gr has been added successfully.
Log: Player with name : Wr has been added successfully.

Command Entered: gameplayer -remove Wr -remove Qr
Log: Player with name : Wr has been removed successfully.
Log: Player with name : Qr does not Exist. Changes are not made.

Command Entered: assigncountries
Log: Country/Continent Assignment:
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NU-Ellesmere_Island
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Quebec-North
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NU-Northern_Islands
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NU-Victoria_Island-East
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NT-Victoria_Island-West
 Player : Er is assigned with country : New_Brunswick
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Manitoba-South
 Player : Er is assigned with country : BC-Vancouver_Island
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NU-Southern_Islands
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NT-Northern_Islands
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Northwest_Territories-Continental
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Ontario-South
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Quebec-Central
 Player : Er is assigned with country : Alberta-North
 Player : Er is assigned with country : N&L-Labrador
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Yukon_Territory
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Quebec-South
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Saskatchewan-North
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : British_Columbia-South
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Saskatchewan-South
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : N&L-Newfoundland
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Prince_Edward_Island
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Ontario-West
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Ontario-North
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : British_Columbia-North
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Alberta-South
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Nova_Scotia
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Manitoba-North
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : NU-Baffin_Island
 Player : Gr is assigned with country : Nunavut-Continental
 Player : Er is assigned with country : NT-Banks_Island
Log: Player : Er has been assigned with 5 armies
Log: Player : Gr has been assigned with 5 armies
